gh-145524: Update comment for TypeVar S in typing.rst (#145525)
python/cpython: Doc/library/typing.rst

   However, if desired, reusable type variables can also be constructed manually, like so::

      T = TypeVar('T')  # Can be anything

>       S = TypeVar('S', bound=str)  # Can be str or any subtype of str

Reviewer: With this wording, it looks like str is not a subtype of itself. Should we make it more clearly a clarification/note?
```suggestion
      S = TypeVar('S', bound=str)  # Can be any subtype of str (including exact str)
```

Reviewer 2: Or:
```suggestion
      S = TypeVar('S', bound=str)  # Can be str or any subtype of str (including str itself)
```

Reviewer 2: Going to pick my version above so this can move forward
